NEXT-22890 - Additional the documentation for Add Action in Flow Builder (#663)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/flow/add-flow-builder-action.md

    CREATE_TAG: 'action.create.tag',
});

export const GROUP = 'customer'

export default {
    ACTION, GROUP
};
```

{% endcode %}

> The default group is `general`, that mean if you define `GROUP` is `general` or don't define `GROUP`, your action will be into the `General` group in the list actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Grouping Actions**

Using the `GROUP` constant, you can define a group that your action will show up in. The default group is `general`.
```

Using the `GROUP` constant, you can define a group that your action will show up in. The default group is `general`.

| Group Name | Group Headline |
| :--- | :--- |
| general | General|
| tag | Tag |
| customer | Customer |
| order | Order |

Next, we override `sw-flow-sequence-action` component to show `CREATE_TAG` label in action list. For example, we override `getActionTitle` method to add icon, label for `CREATE_TAG` action.

{% code title="<plugin root>/src/Resources/app/administration/src/extension/sw-flow-sequence-action/index.js" %}

```jsx
import { ACTION, GROUP } from '../../constant/swag-example-plugin.constant';

const { Component } = Shopware;

Component.override('sw-flow-sequence-action', {
    computed: {
        // Not necessary if you use an existing group

>         // Push the `groups` method in computed if you are define a new group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Push the `groups` method in computed if you are defining a new group
```
